Make boxes for dask-spark page (#5249)
dask/dask: docs/source/spark.rst

Graphs / complex networks:

+--------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| **Dask**                                               | **Spark**                                              |
+--------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| Provides no such library.                              | Provides GraphX, a library for graph processing.       |
+--------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+

Custom parallelism:

+--------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| **Dask**                                               | **Spark**                                              |
+--------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| Allows you to specify arbitrary task graphs for more   | Generally expects users to compose computations out    |

> | complex and custom systems that are not part of the    | of theirhigh-level primitives (map, reduce, groupby,   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| complex and custom systems that are not part of the    | of their high-level primitives (map, reduce, groupby,   |
```

> | complex and custom systems that are not part of the    | of their high-level primitives (map, reduce, groupby,   |

Reviewer 2: I'm getting `WARNING: Malformed table.` for the "Custom parallelism" table when building the docs locally. This should fix it:

```suggestion
| complex and custom systems that are not part of the    | of their high-level primitives (map, reduce, groupby,  |
```

Author: Aha, OK. It really shouldn't have to line up...
